Just one last thing, and
we kinda mentioned this earlier, but
I kinda wanna do it a little bit better,
is organization 'cause you could see
this could get outta control, right?
And so if I call these tokens colors and
I go back to my button and
I say, buttons stories,
I'll say this is components/button.
Because that page is no longer exists.
But now these are organized
under components.
These are organized under tokens, right?
You can begin to bring some
amount of organization and
sanity to the way that
you display these things.
So I only had one thing, it wasn't totally
useful, but as you add in more components,
you could have those
primitive base components.
If you think about things in
the atomic design thing of like atoms,
molecules, organisms, you might choose
to add that level of hierarchy.
It's whatever works for you,
everyone's got a little bit
of a different opinion on that, so
you can do whatever in this case as well.
And there are little things that you can
do here where you can choose to customize
this table.
So if one wanted to kind of annotate
their arg types a little bit more in
the stories, you get the net gains
of that in the documentation.
So what do I mean by that?
So for instance, let's say children.
That's that kind of thing
that we had before.
We could say that size
should be a select two.
Why not?
And so
I actually wanna call it the button label.
In this case,
I can give it a different name.
I can say the control is text.
I can give it a description.
If I don't wanna include it in that table
because no one should have to explain what
React children are to you, you can
choose to disable it from the table.
This is not gonna disable it in the
stories, but in that documentation piece,
things that you don't, maybe there are
private props or something like that, you
have the ability to choose what you show
and do not show in your documentation.
So I'm gonna turn this off for one second.
This commented out and you can see this
is now called label with a capital L.
We can give it a description
of why it is used, right?
And then in the table we
can choose to disable it.
I forget if it's the way you put the
default value of isn't the table or not.
Luckily IntelliSence will yell at
me if I put in the wrong place.
So we'll find out together.
So now it's gone.
You could change variant.
If you wanna capitalize stuff, go for it.
You can label these whatever you want.
There's also little tweaks,
you could show the various options so
you can show what's required, what's not.
You can get more specific in here.
It's just like little tweaks
that are not super useful, but
this is all kind of like, documented both
in the course website and here as well.
But you can begin to tweak this stuff
based on what you want, Dustin?
>> Is there a way to pull in the options
of a variant from a CVA instead of making
it a string?
>> All right, so clearly, in this case,
it does know what the options are, and
it's figured it out from the type.
So the problem is like
the TypeScript is done.
Most is, I'm trying to come up
with an example for it, but
I'm pretty sure if I think it's options,
yeah.
I'm gonna take out large just to show,
because it already came up with one,
so I can't, like,
if I rewrite what it already generated,
it's hard to see that it's me [LAUGH].
But let's take out large and now you
can see it's just small and medium.
And so
you can do that if you wanna take the,
let's do that with the child in this case.
So that's a string.
Label will now be a select,
just slightly weird, and
we'll give it the options of button.
Sure, I like these options.
And now instead of a string, they can pick
one of a curated set of what it should be,
so you can have like
complete control of it.
Complete control over the controls.
I'll just go with it.
And all the things and
tweak stuff, and this is again,
usually best practice in
collaboration with your partners and
design about how they wanna communicate
the intent of the design system.